Update docs for 0.12.6/7 release (#116)
learningequality/kolibri-docs: docs/install/_linux.rst

.. note:: Replace the ``$USER`` in commands above with the name of the user you wish to be the new Kolibri system service owner.

> Optimized Performance with ``kolibri-server`` package

Reviewer: "Optimized" isn't quite the right word here.

Maybe "Higher Performance with the `kolibri-server` package"

Author: Done!

-----------------------------------------------------

> We finalized the release of an optimized version of Kolibri for Linux systems called ``kolibri-server``. This version is recommended for:

Reviewer: maybe:

> We have of a higher-performance wrapper around the `kolibri` package for Ubuntu and Debian systems called `kolibri-server`. This version is recommended for:

Author: Thanks, amended!

> * Clear server-client setup for implementations with many client devices

Reviewer: > Clear server-client setup

Not sure what this means

Author: I believe it was supposed to differentiate from single device installation, that might not have clients to serve.

Reviewer: specifically I don't know what the word "Clear" means in this context

Reviewer 2: I think you can remove the text about what it's recommended for. That will leave the information from the first paragraph and the one preceding the list: Any system with Debian/Ubuntu, gives 2-3x the performance on a Raspberry Pi. I used "2-3x" in the example to be a bit conservative. But I believe @jredrejo has indicated that it might be more like 3-4x from benchmarks.

Author: Removed!

* When the server device has more than one CPU core

> ``kolibri-server`` has some specific features like **static content cache** and **optimized usage of the CPU processing power** in multi core devices. Typical use case would be a *Raspberry Pi 3+* device with 4 CPU cores, which will perform much better and faster with ``kolibri-server`` compared to base Kolibri.

Reviewer 2: I think we should be bold enough to be very clear about the real benefits of using `kolibri-server`:

```suggestion
``kolibri-server`` has some specific features like **static content cache** and **optimized usage of the CPU processing power** in multi core devices. For example, a *Raspberry Pi 3+* device has 4 CPU cores, and with ``kolibri-server`` it is likely to serve 2-3x as many clients.
```

Author: Added your suggestion! :slightly_smiling_face:
